feat(changelog): vpc-peering-changed-vpc-transitive-peering-is-now-opt-i 2026-06-23 (#6626)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2026/2026-06-23-vpc-peering-changed-vpc-transitive-peering-is-now-opt-i.mdx

---

> title: VPC transitive peering is now opt-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transitive peering for VPCs is now opt-in
```

status: changed
date: 2026-06-23
category: network
product: vpc-peering
---

> VPC transitive peering is now opt-in; transitivity can only be enabled when creating a VPC, and cannot be changed afterward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transitive peering for VPCs is now disabled by default, and can be enabled when creating a VPC. Once activated, it cannot be disabled afterward.
```

> Transitive peering for VPCs is now disabled by default, and can be enabled when creating a VPC. Once activated, it cannot be disabled afterward.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Transitive peering for VPCs](/vpc-peering/reference-content/understanding-transitive-peering/) is now disabled by default, and can be enabled when creating a VPC. Once activated, it cannot be disabled afterward.
```

Reviewer 2: @SamyOubouaziz, is it the relevant doc to reference maybe?
